bazel: add faq entry about rust auth failure (#18)
sourcegraph/docs: docs/dev/background-information/bazel/faq.mdx

The current `lockfile` is out of date for 'crate_index'. Please re-run bazel using `CARGO_BAZEL_REPIN=true` if this is expected and the lockfile should be updated.
```

> Bazel uses a separate lock file to keep track of the dependencies and needs to be updated. To update the `lockfile` run `CARGO_BAZEL_REPIN=1 CARGO_BAZEL_REPIN_ONLY=crate_index bazel sync --only=crate_index`. This command takes a while to execute as it fetches all the dependencies specified in `Cargo.lock` and populates `Cargo.Bazel.lock`. This command _might also fail_ in that case [see](#bazel-sync-authentication-failure-when-cloning-syntect).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bazel uses a separate lock file to track the dependencies, which need to be updated. To update the `lockfile` run `CARGO_BAZEL_REPIN=1 CARGO_BAZEL_REPIN_ONLY=crate_index bazel sync --only=crate_index`. This command takes a while to execute as it fetches all the dependencies specified in `Cargo.lock` and populates `Cargo.Bazel.lock`. This command _might also fail_ in that case [see](#bazel-sync-authentication-failure-when-cloning-syntect).
```

```
STDERR ------------------------------------------------------------------------

    Updating crates.io index
    Updating git repository `https://github.com/sourcegraph/syntect`
error: failed to get `syntect` as a dependency of package `sg-syntax v0.1.0 (/var/folders/1r/5z42n9p52zv8rfp93gxc1vfr0000gn/T/.tmpyhlucq/crates/sg-syntax)`

Caused by:
  failed to load source for dependency `syntect`

Caused by:
  Unable to update https://github.com/sourcegraph/syntect?rev=7e02c5b4085e6d935b960b8106cdd85da04532d2#7e02c5b4

Caused by:
  failed to clone into: /private/var/tmp/_bazel_william/c92ec739369034d3064b6df55c419545/external/crate_index/.cargo_home/git/db/syntect-383b2f29eb0ef0d0

Caused by:
  failed to authenticate when downloading repository: ssh://git@github.com/sourcegraph/syntect

  * attempted ssh-agent authentication, but no usernames succeeded: `git`

  if the git CLI succeeds then `net.git-fetch-with-cli` may help here
  https://doc.rust-lang.org/cargo/reference/config.html#netgit-fetch-with-cli

Caused by:
  no authentication methods succeeded

Error: Failed to update lockfile: exit status: 101
```

> You might be able to git ssh clone that repository locally yet in Bazel Cargo it fails. This is because Bazel Cargo doesn't use your `~/.ssh/config` file and thus can't use your SSH private key. The error says you can set `net.git-fetch-with-cli` in `Cargo.toml` or configure a credential helper. All cargo settings also have environment variable variants, so you can do the repinning with `CARGO_NET_GIT_FETCH_WITH_CLI=true CARGO_BAZEL_REPIN=1 bazel sync --only=crate_index` without setting the value in the `Cargo.toml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You might be able to Git SSH clone that repository locally, yet in Bazel Cargo, it fails. This is because Bazel Cargo doesn't use your `~/.ssh/config` file and thus can't use your SSH private key. The error says you can set `net.git-fetch-with-cli` in `Cargo.toml` or configure a credential helper. All cargo settings also have environment variable variants, so you can do the repinning with `CARGO_NET_GIT_FETCH_WITH_CLI=true CARGO_BAZEL_REPIN=1 bazel sync --only=crate_index` without setting the value in the `Cargo.toml`.
```
